>> Will Sentance: So, all of that work
to adjust our function multiply here and
reality will be adjusting functions.
Like say we want to do a pen to
a particular piece of specific text to
DOM a element, for example,
will be adjusting functions in practice
much more usable the multiply.
To adjust it,
to pre fill it with a value two,
in practice that we might have to pre fill
more than just one value of function.
Many functions taken 3 4 5 inputs.
We call it era t if you want to
be fancy and sound sophisticated,
the narrative five, and hold on.
We honor only taking
one input to prefit it.
Well, we have a technique to adjust any
function that takes in many inputs,
into a not a function that
takes in many inputs, but
a series of function calls each
taking in an input one by one.
This dollars and is currying we're not
going to go into it in detail here,
but it's a more generalized version
of our partial application approach.
Partial application has allowed us
to make it easier to add features.
We're going to see in a moment, a
practical example where we might have had
to partially apply some of our data before
we pass that function into our list
of functions to run one by one
by one by one automatically.
We can now, in this case,
use the function multiply.
We can write it once and
then use it for different situations.
But in practice, we could write out
the more practicable functions once and
then pre fill one of their arguments for
many different situations.
It makes it more readable.
When we can use functions that have
multiple arguments in our list
of functions style,
we get a beautiful setup of readable code.
We'll see it again in a moment,
easy to debug.
Now we can break application
into individual units,
even if those individual units
actually need multiple inputs.
Now, no problem.
Thanks to partial application and
the help of Closure.